Components (#184)
decidim/documentation: docs/en/modules/admin/pages/components/proposals.adoc

= Proposals

== Understand the basics

The Proposals component allows people to create, comment, like, and give their votes to proposals. It's one of the main components of

> Decidim, and propose a large number of configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Decidim, and has a large number of configuration settings.
```

image::components/proposals/example01.png[Proposals example]

> In this documentation section, you can find how to configure and manage all of those items:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this documentation section, you can find how to configure and manage all of those settings:
```
